NAS-103882 Clarify docs on clone snapshot behavior. sync with helptext. (#1622)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

   :samp:`zfs list -t snapshot` from :ref:`Shell`.

**REFERENCED** indicates the amount of data accessible by this dataset,
which may or may not be shared with other datasets in the pool. When a
snapshot or clone is created, it initially references the same amount
of space as the filesystem or snapshot it was created from, since its
contents are identical.

> **DELETE** a dialog asks for confirmation. Child

Reviewer: This does not form a sentence.
```suggestion
**DELETE** shows a confirmation dialog. Child
```

clones must be deleted before their parent snapshot can be
deleted. While creating a snapshot is instantaneous, deleting a
snapshot can be I/O intensive and can take a long time, especially
when deduplication is enabled. In order to delete a block in a
snapshot, ZFS has to walk all the allocated blocks to see if that
block is used anywhere else; if it is not, it can be freed.

**CLONE TO NEW DATASET** prompts for the name of the new dataset

> created from the cloned snapshot. A default name is provided that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created from the cloned snapshot. A default name is provided
```

> based upon the name of the original snapshot but can be edited. Click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on the name of the original snapshot. Click
```
